add backup&restore (#1100)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/7.data-security/2.backup-restore/4.br-restore-data.md

- The BR is compiled. For more information, see [Compile BR](2.compile-br.md).

- Download [nebula-agent](https://github.com/vesoft-inc/nebula-agent) and start the agent service in each cluster(including metad, storaged, graphd) host.

- No application is connected to the target Nebula Graph cluster.

> - Make sure that the target and the source Nebula Graph clusters have the same topology, which means that they have exactly the same number of hosts. The number of data folders for each host is consistently  distributed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure that the target and the source Nebula Graph clusters have the same topology, which means that they have exactly the same number of hosts. The number of data folders for each host is consistently distributed.
```

## Procedures

1. Users can use the following command to list the existing backup information:

  ```bash
  $ ./bin/br show --storage <ip_address>
  ```

>   For example, use the following command to list the backup information in the local `/home/nebula/backup` path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example, use the following command to list the backup information in the local `/home/nebula/backup` path.
```
```suggestion
  For example, run the following command to list the backup information in the local `/home/nebula/backup` path.
```

  ```bash
  $ ./bin/br show --storage "local:///home/nebula/backup"
  +----------------------------+---------------------+------------------------+-------------+------------+
  |            NAME            |     CREATE TIME     |         SPACES         | FULL BACKUP | ALL SPACES |
  +----------------------------+---------------------+------------------------+-------------+------------+
  | BACKUP_2022_02_10_07_40_41 | 2022-02-10 07:40:41 | basketballplayer       | true        | true       |
  | BACKUP_2022_02_11_08_26_43 | 2022-02-11 08:26:47 | basketballplayer,foesa | true        | true       |
  +----------------------------+---------------------+------------------------+-------------+------------+
  ```

>   Or, you can use the following command to list the backup information in S3 URL `s3://127.0.0.1:9000/br-test/backup`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Or, you can run the following command to list the backup information stored in S3 URL `s3://127.0.0.1:9000/br-test/backup`.
```

  ```bash
  $ ./bin/br show --s3.endpoint "http://127.0.0.1:9000" --storage="s3://br-test/backup/" --s3.access_key=minioadmin --s3.secret_key=minioadmin --s3.region=default
  ```

>   | Parameter    | Data type | Required | Default value | Description                                                                 |

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78209557/154184135-b6921c7d-d1f8-40dd-a9e2-531853c879d4.png)
seems the English content is different from the Chinese.

  | ---          | ---      | ---           | ---                                                                         | ---       |
  | `-h,-help`     | -         | No       | None          | Checks help for restoration.                                                |
  | `-debug` | - | No | None | Checks for more log information. |

>   | `-log`        | string    | No       | br.log        | Specify br detail log path. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | `-log`        | string    | No       | br.log        | Specifies detailed log path for restoration and backup. | 
```

>   | `--storage` | string | Yes | None | The target storage url of BR backup data. The format is: <Schema\>://<PATH\>. <br>Schema: Optional values are `local` and `s3`. <br>When selecting s3, you need to fill in `s3.access_key`, `s3.endpoint`, `s3.region`, and `s3.secret_key`.<br>PATH: The path of the storage location. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | `--storage` | string | Yes | None | The target storage URL of BR backup data. The format is: <Schema\>://<PATH\>. <br>Schema: Optional values are `local` and `s3`. <br>When selecting s3, you need to fill in `s3.access_key`, `s3.endpoint`, `s3.region`, and `s3.secret_key`.<br>PATH: The path of the storage location. |
```

>   | `--s3.access_key` | string | No | None | Set access key id. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | `--s3.access_key` | string | No | None | Sets AccessKey ID. |
```

>   | `--s3.endpoint` | string | No | None | Set the S3 endpoint URL, please specify the http or https scheme explicitly. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | `--s3.endpoint` | string | No | None | Sets the S3 endpoint URL, please specify the HTTP or HTTPS scheme explicitly. |
```

>   | `--s3.region` | string | No | None | Set region or location to upload or download backup. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | `--s3.region` | string | No | None | Sets the region or location to upload or download the backup. |
```

>   | `--s3.secret_key` | string | No | None | Set secret key for access id. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | `--s3.secret_key` | string | No | None | Sets SecretKey for AccessKey ID. |
```

2. Run the following command to restore data.

  ```
  $ ./bin/br restore full --meta <ip_address> --storage <storage_path> --name <backup_name>
  ```

>   For example, use the following command to upload the backup files in the local `/home/nebula/backup/` to the cluster where the meta service's address is `127.0.0.1:9559`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example, run the following command to upload the backup files from the local `/home/nebula/backup/` to the cluster where the meta service's address is `127.0.0.1:9559`.
```

  ```
  $ ./bin/br restore full --meta "127.0.0.1:9559" --storage "local:///home/nebula/backup/" --name BACKUP_2021_12_08_18_38_08
  ```

>   Or, you can use the following command to upload the backup files in S3 URL `s3://127.0.0.1:9000/br-test/backup`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Or, you can run the following command to upload the backup files from the S3 URL `s3://127.0.0.1:9000/br-test/backup`.
```

  ```bash
  $ ./bin/br restore full --meta "127.0.0.1:9559" --s3.endpoint "http://127.0.0.1:9000" --storage="s3://br-test/backup/" --s3.access_key=minioadmin --s3.secret_key=minioadmin --s3.region="default" --name BACKUP_2021_12_08_18_38_08
  ```

  If the following information is returned, the data is restored successfully.
  ```bash
  Restore succeed.
  ```

  !!! caution

>         If your new cluster hosts' ip are not all the same with the backup cluster, after restore, you should use `add hosts` to add the Storage hosts in the new cluster one by one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If your new cluster hosts' IPs are not all the same as the backup cluster, after restoration, you should run `add hosts` to add the Storage host IPs in the new cluster one by one.
```

  The parameters are as follows.

>   | Parameter    | Data type | Required | Default value | Description                                                                 |

Reviewer: please unify the singular form of the first word in the following sentences. e.g. Checks, Specifies, Sets, etc.
and modify desc as the above changes.
